aerialway, station
aerialway, yes
aeroway, gate
aeroway, aerodrome
aeroway, terminal
aeroway, apron
aeroway, parking_position
amenity, clinic
amenity, college
amenity, bar
amenity, nightclub
amenity, music_school
amenity, pub
amenity, parking_entrance
amenity, bank
amenity, post_office
amenity, courthouse
amenity, shower
amenity, crematorium
amenity, parking
amenity, dentist
amenity, conference_centre
amenity, casino
amenity, kindergarten
amenity, shelter
amenity, atm
amenity, public_building
amenity, pharmacy
amenity, bicycle_rental
amenity, parking_space
amenity, planetarium
amenity, driver_training
amenity, grave_yard
amenity, charging_station
amenity, childcare
amenity, biergarten
amenity, car_wash
amenity, research_institute
amenity, parcel_locker
amenity, ice_cream
amenity, research
amenity, fire_station
amenity, studio
amenity, cafe
amenity, police
amenity, townhall
amenity, fuel
amenity, community_centre
amenity, bicycle_parking
amenity, cinema
amenity, university
amenity, arts_centre
amenity, prison
amenity, car_rental
amenity, bureau_de_change
amenity, bus_station
amenity, post_depot
amenity, theatre
amenity, place_of_worship
amenity, toilets
amenity, exhibition_centre
amenity, school
amenity, fountain
amenity, library
amenity, post_box
amenity, marketplace
amenity, language_school
amenity, internet_cafe
amenity, social_facility
building, stadium
building, temple
building, train_station
club, sport
healthcare, physiotherapist
healthcare, rehabilitation
historic, monument
historic, citywalls
historic, castle
historic, archaeological_site
historic, building
historic, ship
historic, temple
historic, city_gate
historic, ruins
historic, tomb
historic, heritage
historic, memorial
historic, palace
historic, fort
leisure, playground
leisure, sports_hall
leisure, sauna
leisure, beach_resort
leisure, nature_reserve
leisure, sports_centre
leisure, marina
leisure, stadium
leisure, garden
leisure, amusement_arcade
leisure, golf_course
leisure, resort
leisure, track
leisure, common
leisure, fitness_station
leisure, pitch
leisure, fitness_centre
leisure, dance
man_made, water_works
man_made, bridge
natural, cave_entrance
railway, construction
railway, halt
railway, platform
railway, subway
railway, signal_box
railway, workshop
railway, tram_stop
railway, subway_entrance
railway, station
railway, stop
shop, travel_agency
shop, mobile_phone
shop, dry_cleaning
shop, copyshop
shop, telecommunication
shop, butcher
shop, ticket
shop, cosmetics
shop, cheese
shop, wine
shop, photo
shop, supermarket
shop, watches
shop, pastry
shop, mall
shop, optician
shop, furniture
shop, department_store
shop, bicycle
shop, bakery
shop, shoes
shop, nutrition_supplements
shop, car
shop, kiosk
shop, alcohol
shop, greengrocer
shop, outdoor
shop, charity
shop, hairdresser
shop, tattoo
shop, convenience
shop, appliance
shop, dairy
shop, books
shop, gift
shop, electronics
shop, chemist
shop, jewelry
shop, car_repair
shop, pawnbroker
shop, laundry
shop, boutique
shop, massage
shop, sports
shop, clothes
shop, bag
shop, wholesale
shop, doityourself
shop, beverages
shop, computer
shop, yes
tourism, artwork
tourism, viewpoint
tourism, gallery
tourism, theme_park
tourism, aquarium
tourism, chalet
tourism, hostel
tourism, motel
tourism, hostel;hotel
tourism, attraction
tourism, information
tourism, hotel
tourism, zoo
tourism, museum
